[docs] Revise the "Understanding MUI packages" article (#32382)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/guides/understand-mui-packages/understand-mui-packages.md

- `@mui/base`
- `@mui/system`
- `@mui/styled-engine`
- `@mui/styled-engine-sc`
- `@mui/styles`

### Why does MUI have multiple packages? Why not just one?

MUI started with Material UI, the most successful React implementation of Google's Material Design.
With the growth of that product over the years, we started exploring other types of problems around the UI building space, such as a version of the components without styles and a proprietary styling API to increase efficiency.

Each of these opportunities are now individual packages within our two main product lines, MUI Core and MUI X:

<img src="/static/images/packages/mui-packages.png" style="width: 796px; margin-top: 4px; margin-bottom: 8px;" alt="The first half of the image shows @mui/material and @mui/base as component libraries, and @mui/system and styled engines as styling solutions, both under the MUI Core umbrella. The second half shows @mui/x-data-grid and @mui/x-date-pickers as components from MUI X."/>

In this article, we'll only cover the MUI Core packages.
Check the [MUI X overview](/x/advanced-components) for more information about our collection of advanced components.

## Component libraries

### Material UI

> Material UI is a comprehensive library of components that features our implementation of Google's Material Design system. It has `@mui/system` and `@mui/base` as dependencies, meaning you don't need to install or import them seperately—importing any modules you need from `@mui/material` itself will work.

Author: I thought the first snippet was possible as well — cc @michaldudak for further disambiguation!

> Material UI is a comprehensive library of components that features our implementation of Google's Material Design system. It has `@mui/system` and `@mui/base` as dependencies, meaning you don't need to install or import them seperately—importing any modules you need from `@mui/material` itself will work.

Reviewer: @danilo-leal the first way used to be possible, but we removed this possibility some time ago, so that our products have more clearly defined boundaries. We no longer export Base components from Material UI, so only `import SwitchUnstyled from '@mui/base/SwitchUnstyled';` is valid.

> Material UI is a comprehensive library of components that features our implementation of Google's Material Design system. It has `@mui/system` and `@mui/base` as dependencies, meaning you don't need to install or import them seperately—importing any modules you need from `@mui/material` itself will work.

Author: So, removing the part where we say that you can import Base components from @mui/material would be the correct thing to do? (MUI System still applies though, I suppose)

> Material UI is a comprehensive library of components that features our implementation of Google's Material Design system. It has `@mui/system` and `@mui/base` as dependencies, meaning you don't need to install or import them seperately—importing any modules you need from `@mui/material` itself will work.

Reviewer: Yes, that's right.

  return <SwitchUnstyled component={Root} {...label} />;
}
```

## Styling

### Styled engines

> Styled engines come in two packages:
> 
> - `@mui/styled-engine`: an [emotion](https://emotion.sh/docs/styled) wrapper.
> - `@mui/styled-engine-sc`: a [styled-components](https://styled-components.com/docs/basics#getting-started) wrapper.
> 
> They were introduced in MUI Core's v5 to unlock more styling possibilities and enhanced customization features.
> It refers specifically to stylesheet generation (CSS-in-JS).
> 
> These adapters unify the APIs of both `emotion` and `styled-components`, and you can choose to use whichever suits you best.
> The previous style library `@mui/styles` (JSS wrapper) is deprecated and will be removed in the future.
> 
> In any case, it's likely that you won't interact much with these as they're used internally in `@mui/system`.
> Check [the RFC](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/issues/22342) to learn more about v5's styling solution change.

Reviewer 2: I found this section to be pretty confusing. Here's how I would revise it.

```suggestion
Material UI relies on styling engines to inject CSS into your app.

These engines come in two packages:

- `@mui/styled-engine`
- `@mui/styled-engine-sc`

By default, Material UI uses [emotion](https://emotion.sh/docs/styled) as its styling engine—it's included in the [installation](/material-ui/getting-started/installation) process.
If you plan to stick with emotion, then `@mui/styled-engine` is a dependency in your app, and you don't need to install it separately.

If you prefer to use [styled-components](https://styled-components.com/docs/basics#getting-started), then you need to install `@mui/styled-engine-sc` in place of the emotion packages.
See the [Styled engine guide](/material-ui/guides/styled-engine/) for more details.

In either case, you won't interact much with either of these packages beyond installation—they're used internally in `@mui/system`.

:::warning
⚠ **Note:** prior to v5, Material UI used `@mui/styles` as a JSS wrapper.
This package is now deprecated and will be removed in the future.
Check out [the guide to migrating from v4 to v5](https://mui.com/material-ui/guides/migration-v4/) to learn how to upgrade to a newer solution.
:::
```

### MUI System

MUI System is a collection of CSS utilities to help you rapidly lay out custom designs.

> It uses the emotion adapter (`@mui/styled-engine`) as the default styled-engine to create the CSS utilities.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It uses the emotion adapter (`@mui/styled-engine`) as the default style engine to create the CSS utilities.
```

Using MUI system:

- You have full control of the `theme` object.
- You can use `sx` prop normally as the `styled` API supports it by default.
- You can have themeable components by using `styled` via slots and variants.

> > **Note**: To use it, you will have to install either `emotion` or `styled-components`, because the respective styled-engine package depends on it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::warning
To use MUI System, you must install either emotion or styled-components, because the respective `styled-engine` package depends on it.
:::
```

<img src="/static/images/packages/mui-system.png" style="width: 796px; margin-top: 4px; margin-bottom: 8px;" alt="A diagram showing an arrow going from @mui/system to @mui/styled-engine, with a note that it is the default engine. Then, from @mui/styled-engine a solid arrow points to @emotion/react and @emotion/styled while a dashed arrow points to @mui/styled-engine-sc, which points to styled-components." />

> If you want to switch the styled-engine to use styled-components, [follow this guide](/material-ui/guides/styled-engine/#how-to-switch-to-styled-components).

Reviewer 2: I would cut this line since it's already covered above.

```suggestion
```
